MODULE -I
          Introduction to Compiling: Compilers, 
          Analysis of the source program, 
          the phase of a compiler, 
          Cousins of the compiler, 
          the grouping of phases, 
          Compiler-constructions tools.

MODULE -II
          A Simple One-Pass Compiler: Syntax definition, 
          Syntax-directed translation, 
          Parsing, 
          A translator for simple expressions, 
          Lexical analysis, 
          Incorporating a symbol table, 
          Abstract stack machines.

MODULE-III
          Lexical Analysis: The role of the lexical analyzer, 
          Input buffering, 
          Specification of tokens, 
          Recognition of tokens, 
          A language of specifying lexical analyzers, 
          Design of a lexical analyzer generator.

MODULE –IV
          Syntax Analysis: The role of the parser, writing a grammar, Top-down parsing; Bottom-up parsing, 
          Operator-precedence parsing, LR parsers, Using ambiguous grammars, Parser generators.

MODULE V 
Syntax-Directed Translation: Syntax-direct definitions, Constraction of syntax trees, Bottom-up evaluation of S-, attributed definitions, L-attributed definitions, and Top-down translation.
Type Checking: Type systems, Specification of a simple type checker.

MODULE VI
Run-Time Environments: Source language issues, Storage organization, Storage-allocation strategies, Access to nonlocal names, Parameter passing, Symbol tables, Language facilities for dynamic storage allocation, Dynamic storage allocation techniques.

MODULE VII
Intermediate Code Generation: Intermediate languages, Declarations, Assignment statements, Boolean expressions.
Code Generation: Issues in the design of a code generator, Target machine, Run-time storage management, Basic blocks and flow graphs.
Code Optimization: Introduction, The Principle sources of optimization.

Text Book:
1.            A.V.Aho, R. Sethi et.al.- Compilers Principles, Techniques, and Tools, 2nd Edition, Pearson Education,  
               New Delhi, 2006

Reference Books:
1.  	A.I.Holub -Compiler Design in C, Prentice Hall of India, New Delhi, 1995
2.  	J.P. Tremblay - The Theory and Practical of Compiler Writing, McGraw Hill, Singapore, 1993. 
3.            K.C. Louden- Compiler Construction: Principles and Practice, Thomson Learning, New Delhi, 2005.
