Module-I
        Introduction and Overview of Graphics Systems:- Use of Computer graphics, 
        Video Display Devices, 
        Refresh Cathode-Ray Tubes, 
        Raster and Random Scan Displays, 
        Colour CRT Monitors, 
        Direct View Storage Tubes, 
        Flat Panel Displays, 
        Three-Dimensional Viewing Devices, 
        Stereoscopic & Virtual Reality Systems, 
        Raster and Random Scan Systems, 
        Different Input and Hard Copy Devices, 
        Graphics Softwares.

Module-II
        Output Primitives: - Points and Lines, 
        Line Drawing Algorithms (DDA & Bresenham’s), 
        Circle and Ellipse Generating Algorithms, 
        Conic Sections.

Module-III
        Two-Dimensional Geometric Transformations:- Different types of transformations and their matrix representations, 
        Homogeneous Coordinates, 
        Composite Transformations,
        transformations between Coordinate Systems, 
        Affine transformations, 
        Window-to-Viewport Coordinate transformation, 
        Clipping-Point,
        Line, Polygon,
        Curve and Text Clipping.

Module-IV
Three-Dimensional Concepts and Object Representation:- Three Dimensional Display Methods, Polygon Surfaces, Curved Lines & Surfaces, Quadric Surfaces, Spline Representations, Cubic Spline interpolation methods, Bezier Curves and Surfaces.

Module-V
Three Dimensional Transformations and Viewing: Translation, Rotation, Scaling, Reflection, Shears, Composite Transformations, Projections- Parallel and Perspective, Projection Transformations, Clipping.

Module-VI
Visible Surface Detection Methods: Classification of Visible Surface Detection Algorithms, Back Face Detection, Depth Buffer Method, A-Buffer Method, Scan-Line Method, Depth Sorting Method, BSP-Tree Method & Area Subdivision Method. Polygon- Rendering Methods.

Module-VII
Introduction to Multimedia Systems Design:
An Introduction – Multimedia applications – Multimedia System Architecture – Defining objects for Multimedia systems – Multimedia Data interface standards – Multimedia Databases
Compression & Decompression – Data & File Format standards – Multimedia I/O technologies - Digital voice and audio – video image and animation – Full motion video – Multimedia Authoring & User Interface – Hypermedia messaging - 


Text Book: 
1. D. Hearn & M.P. Baker - Computer Graphics, 2/e , Pearson Education, New Delhi, 2005
2. Prabat K Andleigh and Kiran Thakrar, “Multimedia Systems and Design”, PHI, 2005

Reference Books:
1. W.M. Newman. et. al.- Principle of Interactive Computer Graphics,  Mc Graw Hill Publication, New Delhi, 1995.
2. S. Harrington -Computer Graphics- A Programming Approach, Mc Graw Hill Publication, New Delhi, 1994.
3. J.D. Foley et. al- A Fundamental of Computer Graphics Addition Wesley, London, 1993.   
