MODULE – I 
          Introduction: Some Definitions, 
          FAQs about software engineering, 
          the evolving role of software, 
          Software characteristics, 
          SW applications
          Software Processes: Software process models,
          Waterfall model,
          the prototyping model, 
          spiral model, 
          RAD and Incremental model.

MODULE – II
          Project Management: Management activities,
          Project planning, 
          Project scheduling, 
          Risk Management.

MODULE – III
          Software Requirements: Functional and non functional requirements, 
          User requirements, 
          System requirements,
          the software requirements document.
          IEEE standard of SRS, Quality of good SRS.
          Requirement Engineering Process: Feasibility study,
          Requirements elicitation and analysis, 
          Requirements validation,
          Requirement management.

MODULE – IV
Software Design: Design Concepts and Principles, Architectural Design, Object oriented Design, User interface design
UML: Class diagram, Sequence diagram, Collaboration diagram

MODULE – V
Verification and Validation: Verification and Validation Planning, S/W inspection, static analysis.
Software Testing : Testing functions, Test care design, White Box testing, Black box testing, Unit testing, Integration Testing, System testing, Reliability.

MODULE – VI
Management: SW cost estimation: Estimation techniques, Algorithmic cost modeling, Project duration and staffing.
Quality Management: Quality assurance and standards, Quality planning, Quality control.

MODULE – VII
Software Change: Program Evolution Dynamic, S/W Maintenance in detail. 

Text Book:
1. I. Sommerville : Software Engineering,  Pearson Education Publication, 7th ed. 

Reference Book:
1. R. S. Pressman: Software Engineering: A Practiioners Approach, 5th Edn., TMA, New Delhi.
2. J. F. Peters & W. Pedrycz– Software Engineering, John Wiley & Sons,Inc. 2000
3. A.Behforooz & F.J. Hudson – Software Engineering Fundamentals, Oxford Univ. Press, New York, 2000.		
